hey this is Jackie Hoffman for
broadway.com and it's a beautiful sunny
st. Patrick's Day here at the Addams
Family and our day starts like every day
starts here at the Adam family at the
end family with the sounds of
ear-shattering Sinatra
yes the songs from come fly away
the Sinatra musical blaringly loud 24/7
over here at the Addams Family now he's
singing about moonlight serenade even
though it is clearly day out we just had
our first matinee let's find out what
our cast members think how do you feel
our first Wednesday matinee for the
elderly huh you like the old people
they're good see that's my grandson he
loves everybody a lot of kids oh the
children you know that's why I'm in the
business hey Uncle Fester anything for
broadway.com on our first Wednesday
matinee boys really liked this show
sure they do everybody likes the Addams
Family wasn't that exciting they just
announced places for act 2
and they said Orchestra to the pitch
that's what they do on the Broadway they
summon the orchestra to the pit you can
just feel the excitement in the air
I thought you were arrested after the
last video just censored man they're
just not ready for you no they're not
ready for my message and what is that
message that message is to buy tickets
no matter what you think great thank you
this of course is Bebe Neuwirth one of
the stars of The Addams Family
here are some of the dancers entering
the top of that to feel the excitement
they're rushing to the stage Oh rushing
to you there's a beautiful Wednesday
hello without her trademark braids but
that's part of the story we won't give
away that secret quiet it's a secret
isn't she gorgeous oh she could be on
the television of course there goes
Uncle Fester
I'm standing in the bathroom that's
attached to the dressing room of Wesley
Taylor and Zachary James are Lucas by
Nicki and our lurch and on this Jewish
Sabbath this Friday night I think it
would be very fitting to look at the
Church of Scientology truly the most
terrifying thing on 46th Street
now Wesley and Zachary are exposed to
24-hour ads just like the rest of us are
exposed to 24-hour Sinatra someone's
trying to tell us something
let's try to zoom in on the ad board
there it is visit the Church of
Scientology
wow this is trippy here's people
climbing a mountain we've overcome the
darkest depths
and we've overcome the distance in
between but how can we overcome our own
fears find out how how do I find out o
Dianetics will tell me everything by l
ron Hubbard visit the Church of
Scientology panning the makeup table
here one of the lovely things we use to
transform into Grandma I just should
want to show you something no actors
should be without yeah there it is baby
there it is this is uh this is ambien cr
CR is the extended type for people who
can't sleep on the ambien and this is
twelve point five milligrams baby it
doesn't get any stronger than this ah
Broadway putting on your hose I'm in the
girls dressing room here in the Addams
Family as you can see they're putting on
their I have something to talk to you
about this one's had some work done off
the record
okay here they are putting on their
makeup now this is part of the night
vision here's Barrett actually
moonlights for kiss that's how he makes
his real money he's he's oh he's going
over there now this is Jim for Suleman
he's the understudy for Uncle Fester and
you can see him carefully studying his
role I guess I'm gonna stir Uncle Fester
does his taxes
and gyms gyms covering that y'all right
you you're ready how festered goes down
oh I'm ready
fester goes down at the IRS you are
there one of the most crucial
preparations for an actor in a Broadway
musical is the warmup
let's listen I think Pugsley played by
Adam regular is warming up right now mr.
Rieger any tips for broadway.com on
warming up
okay I guess not I was full warming up
separate thing real actors do or I'm
sorry do you warm up before performance
not really no yeah I could tell by the
way you act
I'm sorry were you at rec I was good
thanks amateurs
what's with the hammer project a project
uh-huh
you building something to smoke crack I
know what you kids are up no uh-huh
yeah ah ha one of the innocent children
he was in Mary Poppins yet there's Jerry
Zacks if you can hear it over the
strains of Sinatra
in the classic Jerry's expose smoking a
cigar and texting let's see if I can
read what he's writing get someone else
call Leia delirious agent a sack